Explain `assert_macros` in the guide (#2531)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: docs/src/testing/testing.md

To run only tests marked with the  `#[ignore]` attribute use `snforge test --ignored`.
To run all tests regardless of the `#[ignore]` attribute use `snforge test --include-ignored`.

> ## `assert_macros`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Writing Assertions and `assert_macros` Package
```

> ⚠️ **Recommended only for development** ️⚠️
> 
>***Assert macros package provides a set of macros that can be used to write assertions such as `assert_eq!`.
In order to use it, your project must have the `assert_macros` dependency added to the `Scarb.toml` file.
These macros are very expensive to run on Starknet, as they result a huge amount of steps and are not recommended for production use. 
They are only meant to be used in tests.

> For snforge `v0.31.0` and later, this dependency is added by default. But for earlier versions, you need to add it manually.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For snforge `v0.31.0` and later, this dependency is added automatically when creating a project using `snforge init`. But for earlier versions, you need to add it manually.***
```

```toml
[dev-dependencies]
snforge_std = ...
assert_macros = "<scarb-version>"
```

Available assert macros are 
- `assert_eq!`
- `assert_ne!`
- `assert_lt!`
- `assert_le!`
- `assert_gt!`

> - `assert_ge!`

Reviewer 2: We shouldn't document stuff that we don't control at all
